salad did not pass it is not necessary to put already
couldn't just
In general, I wanted to do the historical
I did not even think that I would draw
for some reason I didn’t watch the avenue
the film is not wrung out the old tanker series
the same next to the video artist
who drew
to even please enable it there
was called
and I just for some reason, from childhood on
add found bound want to become
archaeologist is to go on drawing
Society I draw for some reason where with
childhood did not work out that it can still
take a picture of what temples are there and so
further so we want to do on
I think historical will go a little bit
get up a little bit well it turned out that
it turns out it is rather my profession than
the story is because here I can more
turn around as if this is more likely
more my eyes are exactly the story though
love story like a gurney
mythology stories expressed down hands by
ill for 20 years
got sick at school when i don't know
Exactly what to take at home
normal severe meningitis
got sick me now rose high
arms like above 6 this happened here
pony was not upset nothing for some reason
exactly why I understood everything at once
then it happened mutated everything
chu do Naomi is not discouraged never
for that on a big plus to parents and
of course friends of the guys who
communicates learns will be a half a year
lived pass after rehab
passed the tank studied hall say what
he did not want to lay constantly sitting and
then walked into the street ran to talked with
people guys talked toys downloaded
I am leaving
training and classroom 16 program myself
did not
every time they are my way too today
by him
important heaven draw not penny flew
above
live already does not find and they can I
I will pay when I have a rest for the whole booklet
Be sure to here I put on hiding
already
because it just does not happen to
fanaticism it comes
And this on wedges this simply talkin cities
tried them and walls we are very
also began to lead and write
I went to study
the yacht really went on Saturdays first
I just offered here and we Isakovna
which with lari even save and try
to learn to go on saturday
with this world on Alekseevna
vatutina taught the guys who
too limited
take off try but after that I'm like
I would try to draw and I do not know how
after all I decided to say after that
only men go there
of course I didn’t want to saturday
I will be in the hospital with the guys at all
Peter neck
yali si tu tu once on saturdays
I will never teach anything
soup to do everything and everything at once and then
eat and just walk once a week
it is not at war limit only forgot all
it's you for some reason and not then something
do something if you try the same
all the time there moth how to live like
most further professions get
nobody said anything and everything
forget try to put try
who am i
will indicate 100 fights to draw
who will do if denominations
orders were an hour now there is of course and
fresh portraits
I exhibit a permanent case
Sarah's dream of traveling unity
a bunch of cities
you dispute me odiously that 's all you want
but
send me everything is really and then
what do i need i'm not chasing money
there for some huge there
something over this don't know just live for
yourself and everything the family needs from let
I here these if we say so my profession
what you don’t need to communicate with people
yes here you have any problems
should not
they get hung up and that's what most
people about it themselves notice then when you
you notice it